new CAVEAT on rooms and typo fix (#122)
nextcloud/calendar_resource_management: README.md

php occ calendar-resource:room:create --wheelchair-accessible=1 --capacity=25 --room-number=201 1 "demouser" "berlin_main_office" "room.berlin.main@spacexyz.com" "Shared office"
```

> CAVEAT: each room needs an email different from any other room email -> (workaround: use fake email like "room0001@none" consecutively)
> ref https://github.com/nextcloud/calendar_resource_management/issues/119#issuecomment-2114275319

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAVEAT: Each room needs a unique email address. A common workaround is to use fake email addresses like "room0001@none".
Ref https://github.com/nextcloud/calendar_resource_management/issues/119#issuecomment-2114275319
```

Let's use full sentences like the rest of the section.

Author: THX and looks good to me ...
